README.md, before:

# 🍲 foodieFetch

foodieFetch is a simple food recipe app built with Vanilla JavaScript and Tailwind CSS. It uses the MealDB API to fetch recipes based on the ingredients you have on hand.

## How it works 🍜

When you first open the app, you'll see a search bar where you can enter the ingredients you have. Clicking on the "Search" button will fetch recipe results from the API based on your search query.

You'll see a list of recipe results, each with a thumbnail image, recipe name, and a "`Recipe Details 🍲`" button. Clicking on the "Get Recipe" button for a recipe will display a popup with instructions and a video to watch below the instructions.

## Technologies used 🍴

foodieFetch is built using:

- Vanilla JavaScript
- Tailwind CSS
- MealDB API

## Credits 🍣

This app uses the MealDB API for recipe data. You can find more information about the API and how to use it at <https://www.themealdb.com/api.php>.

## Contributing 🥄

If you'd like to contribute to foodieFetch, please fork this repository and create a pull request. Contributions and bug reports are welcome!

## License 🧁

This project is licensed under the MIT License.

Commit message:

fix: add website screenshot and page updates

README.md, after:

# 🍲 foodieFetch

foodieFetch is a simple food recipe app built with Vanilla JavaScript and Tailwind CSS. It uses the MealDB API to fetch recipes based on the ingredients you have on hand.

![website screenshot](./src/img/og-image.png)

## How it works 🍜

When you first open the app, you'll see a search bar where you can enter the ingredients you have. Clicking on the "Search" button will fetch recipe results from the API based on your search query.

You'll see a list of recipe results, each with a thumbnail image, recipe name, and a "`Recipe Details 🍲`" button. Clicking on the "Get Recipe" button for a recipe will display a popup with instructions and a video to watch below the instructions.

## Technologies used 🍴

foodieFetch is built using:

- Vanilla JavaScript
- Tailwind CSS
- MealDB API

## Credits 🧁

This app uses the MealDB API for recipe data. You can find more information about the API and how to use it at <https://www.themealdb.com/api.php>.

## Contributing 🥄

If you'd like to contribute to foodieFetch, please read the contributing guide. Contributions and bug reports are welcome!

If you like this project, please give it a star ⭐️
